As a compliance analyst, I want the system to read SAP master and transactional data (materials, suppliers, BOM, sales, purchase documents) so that I can determine how suppliers/products is affected by selected regulations.
-> As a compliance analyst, I want the system to read SAP master and transactional data (materials, suppliers, BOM, sales, purchase documents), so that the system can process it.
-> 
As a compliance analyst, I want the system to compute regulatory impact level (on volumes, transactions, market destination) so that I can determine the importance/relevance of the applicable regulations.
-> 
As a compliance analyst, I want to select which SAP object type to analysis (suppliers, products/materials, documents, BOM) so that the system evaluate the correct compliance scope(compliant, non-compliant or missing info).

As a user I want the system to treat SAP "material" and "product" terminology equivalently so that analysis is consistent and unified.

As a user I want the system to identify material type (raw, semi-finished or finished) so that I can determine the current production stage/step.

As a user I want to display and analyze multi-level BOM structure, so that I can understand material composition.

As a user I want the system to compute compliance of sub-components, so that the parent material is compliant or not.

As a user I want to use supplier's country/region when evaluating regulations, so that region-specific rules are applied correctly.

As a user I want the system to consider the target market's country/region so that regulations are applied depending on export destinations.

As a user I want to view the transaction history for suppliers/materials so that I can assess business relevance.

As a user I want to set values of the configurator so that it can determine if these parameters are compliant or not.

As a user I want the configurator to interpret non-standard fields (e.g. free-text comments) so that I can determine/affect the compliance of the component.

As a user I want to distinguish active/inactive products/suppliers based on recent activity so that I can decide for a compliance investment or a portfolio removal.

As a user I want to use sales/purchase volumes and transaction frequency values so that I can decide for a compliance investment or a portfolio removal.

As a user I want to have a central configurator so that I can define criteria per regulation.

As a user I want the configurator to support multiple regulations (EUDR, CS3D7LkSG, Machinery .. etc) so that I can use the same system for different compliance checks.

As a user I want the configurator to be generic and reusable so that I can use it as a first-level maturity check. 
